Random quality of life changes:

50. 3 Buttons on first page shouldn't be buttons - TODO
55. Star a negotiation to keep at the top - TODO

56. Make [Determine Issues] reload the issues from negotiation
59. Info buttons may have weird spacing
60. Make buttons on [Issue values] more noticeable
61. Make Info on [Target & Resistance] not pop every single new screen
62. Make 0's disappear when entering a new value: Only finished with [Weight The Issues]
63. Add max length to datatype name
64..

What is needed before Launch:
1. First page can not have buttons - TODO 50
7. Star a negotiation to keep at the top - TODO 55

Lucas:
TODO Wednesday: 56, 62
TODO Thursday: Run code coverage, 7, Quality Changes
TODO Friday-Weekend: Launch onto website/upload to app stores

Ideas:
1. Make the negotiation save the start date to tell how long it has lasted?
2. Have a separate page for completed and non completed negotiations
2.1 Should they be able to pin a negotiation to top of the screen?
3. Edit Negotiations After they are made? - Creating/Deleting Issues
4. Save negotiation in the middle of creating one
5. Add compatibility to show counter part values
6. Changing the relative values needs to change the A value for negotiation rubric,
    and change other values if they are greater than the new max value - Should this be allowed?
7..

Cleaning Code:
5. Make Scaffold's shorter - use more helper classes/listview.builder
7. Convert Rubric Summary, Display Important Issues to a list builder. The index should be the vals[i] shown
8. Do an overall code coverage test
9. How to refresh super class from lower class without passing a refresh function
10..

Backlog:
4. Make it possible to click out of keyboard screens
2. <View Total Negotiation> Shows current total points of negotiation
        - This is where trade offs should be shown
        - Give summary of each issue and what the value is
5. Allow commas when entering real values in [Issue Values]
6. Create suggestions for what tradeoffs to do - Could be apart of <View Total Negotiation>
7. Add Focus Nodes to [Issue Values]
8. A way to change relative values after the negotiation is already made
9. A way to change real values after the negotiation is already made

Debugging:
2. On [Issue Values] entering real values in ascending order than going back and changing relative values
    makes the negotiation show an error - something to do with point system
5..

Notes:
For refreshing on web, the top most class that is showing must be refreshed.